Identify and analyze a device that is an IoT device now, but in the past was a non-IoT device. Describe and list the features of the device. Compare the functions of the device in the past to the functions of the device now
ANSWER - CCTV CAMERA


#Identify and analyze a device that is an IoT device now, but in the past was a non-IoT device. Describe and list the features of the device. Compare the functions of the device in the past to the functions of the device now

Non IoT CCTV Camera:

    these are cameras that require connection to a DVR hub to store the video, among many other functions.

IoT CCTV camera:

       They’re usually plug and play. You just set an SD card inside the camera, turn it on and  it’ll start recording. Should you need to see the feed from outside, you can simply log in from a mobile device
       


Compare the functions of the device in the past to the functions of the device now. 
The main difference is in their independence of function. 
non iot CCTVs- require more equipment such as a DVR hub. 
IoT/IP cctv cameras- are completely standalone and can connect to the internet if need be.


For your chosen IoT device, list any improvements or any diminishments if they exist, over the non-IOT device. Describe any limitations that are present in the new IoT version of the device.
Improvements:

    Facilitates life easier
    Makes safe sorroundings

Diminishments:

    No security guard required in the day
    makes hard for the thieves

Limitations:

    can be easily destroyed and made to trash
    
    Describe any privacy issues with the IoT device that never existed in the original version of the device. Compare the price of the original device to the price of the new IoT version of the device. When performing a price comparison, attempt to normalize for the changing value of currency over time by using an online inflation calculator.
    Issues:

    They can be given facial recognition !

Comparison:

    NON IOT CCTV : 3000 rupees
    IOT CCTV: 6000 rupees
       
       
